#  beginBackgroundTaskWithExpirationHandler

Mark the start of a task that should continue if the app enters the background.
Declaration

- (UIBackgroundTaskIdentifier)beginBackgroundTaskWithExpirationHandler:(void (^)(void))handler;
Discussion

This method requests additional background execution time for your app. Call this method when leaving a task unfinished might be detrimental有害的 to your app’s user experience. For example, call this method before writing data to a file to prevent the system from suspending your app while the operation is in progress. For background tasks requiring more time use Background Tasks.
Call this method as early as possible before starting your task, and preferably before your app actually enters the background. **尽早调用本方法，最好在App实际进入后台之前**。The method requests the task assertion for your app asynchronously. If you call this method shortly before your app is due to be suspended, there is a chance that the system might suspend your app before that task assertion is granted. For example, do not call this method at the end of your applicationDidEnterBackground: method and expect your app to continue running**不要在applicationDidEnterBackground: 方法末尾调用本方法并且期望应用能够继续运行**. If the system is unable to grant the task assertion, it calls your expiration handler如果系统无法授予任务断言，则调用expiration handler.
Each call to this method must be balanced by a matching call to the endBackgroundTask: method. Apps running background tasks have a finite amount of time in which to run them. (You can find out the maximum background time available using the backgroundTimeRemaining property.) If you do not call endBackgroundTask: for each task before time expires, the system kills the app. If you provide a block object in the handler parameter, the system calls your handler before time expires to give you a chance to end the task.
You can call this method at any point in your app’s execution. You may also call this method multiple times to mark the beginning of several background tasks that run in parallel. However, each task must be ended separately. You identify a given task using the value returned by this method.
To assist with debugging, this method generates a name for the task that is based on the name of the calling method or function. If you want to specify a custom name, use the beginBackgroundTaskWithName:expirationHandler: method instead.
This method can be safely called on a non-main thread. To extend the execution time of an app extension, use the performExpiringActivityWithReason:usingBlock: method of NSProcessInfo instead.
Note
If you are having trouble debugging your background task code, you might try using the beginBackgroundTaskWithName:expirationHandler: method instead of this one. That method provides the same behavior as this one but lets you specify a debugger-visible name for your task.
Parameters

handler
A handler to be called shortly before the app’s remaining background time reaches 0. Use this handler to clean up and mark the end of the background task. Failure to end the task explicitly will result in the termination of the app. The system calls the handler synchronously on the main thread, blocking the app’s suspension momentarily.